Feat/ipfs for webdevs (#343)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/how-to/websites-on-ipfs/multipage-website.md

# Multipage website

In this guide you will learn how to deal with hosting a website with multiple pages and external assets on IPFS. We recommend that you follow through the [single page website guide](single-page-website) first.

> There are a few ways of creating multiple pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to host a multi-page website on IPFS:
```

> - Individually upload files and link through CID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Individually upload files and link through CID](#individually-upload-files).
```

> - Upload a directory with relative paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Upload a directory with relative paths.](upload-a-directory-with-relative-paths)
```

## Indivudally upload files

> 1. Create a file called `index.html` and paste the following code. We'll continue using the code from the [single page website](how-to/websites-on-ipfs/single-page-website/#add-your-site).

Reviewer: List the code the user needs to paste in here. Try and minify it if we can.

> 2. Open IPFS desktop and upload `index.html`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Open IPFS desktop and add `index.html`
```

> ![](./images/multipage-website/upload-file.gif)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Adding a file to IPFS using the IPFS Desktop application](./images/multipage-website/upload-file.gif)
```

> 3. Copy the link. We'll use this to link for the `about` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Copy or make a note of this link, we'll use it later.
```

4. Create a file called `about.html` and paste in the following code.

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <title>About</title>
    <meta
      name="description"
      content="Get a random fact about a planet in our solar system."
    />
    <meta name="author" content="The IPFS Docs team." />
    <style>
      body {
        margin: 15px auto;
        max-width: 650px;
        line-height: 1.2;
        font-family: sans-serif;
        font-size: 2em;
        color: #fff;
        background: #444;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>About</h1>
    <!-- Use the link from step 3 -->
    <a href="https://ipfs.io/ipfs/$SITE_CID"> Link to Random Planet Facts </a>
  </body>
</html>
```

> Notice how the `href` is an absolute path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Notice how the `href` is an absolute path.
```

5. Open IPFS desktop and upload `about.html`

> ![](./images/multipage-website/upload-about.gif)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Adding the About page to IPFS using the IPFS Desktop application.](./images/multipage-website/upload-about.gif)
```

> 6. Once uploaded, verify that the link works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Once uploaded, verify that the link works:
```

> ![](./images/multipage-website/link-file.gif)

Reviewer: Try to describe what's happening in each gif, if possible. I've done the previous two as an example.

Author: will do

## Upload a directory with relative paths

Instead of individually uploading each file, you can upload a whole directory. This method is more practical for larger projects.

1. Create a directory called `Random Planet Facts`

2. Inside the directory, create the file structure

```
Random Planet Facts
├── about.html
├── images
│   └── logo.png
└── index.html
```

> Create a file called `index.html` and paste in the following code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a file called `index.html` and paste in the following code.
```

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <title>Random Planet Facts</title>
    <style>
      body {
        margin: 15px auto;
        max-width: 650px;
        line-height: 1.2;
        font-family: sans-serif;
        font-size: 2em;
        color: #fff;
        background: #444;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Random Planet Facts</h1>
    <p>One year on Mars is 687 Earth days.</p>
    <a href="about.html"> About </a>
  </body>
</html>
```

> Create a file called `about.html` and paste in the following code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create a file called `about.html` and paste in the following code.
```
